>> Alternative A
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January indicates that the labor market has remained strong while growth in economic activity has moderated. Job gains have been strong in recent months, and the unemployment rate has stayed low. Household spending and business fixed investment appear to be expanding at a moderate pace. On a 12-month basis, both overall inflation and inflation for items other than food and energy have continued to run below 2 percent. Market-based measures of inflation compensation remain low; survey-based measures of longer-term inflation expectations are little changed, on balance.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that, with appropriate monetary policy accommodation, economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market conditions will remain strong. Inflation on a 12‐month basis is expected to move up this year and to stabilize around the Committee’s 2 percent objective over the medium term. Near-term risks to the economic outlook appear roughly balanced, but the Committee is monitoring inflation developments closely.
3. In view of realized and expected labor market conditions and inflation, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 1-1/4 to 1‐1/2 percent. The stance of monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting strong labor market conditions and a sustained return to 2 percent inflation. A temporary period of inflation modestly above 2 percent would be consistent with the Committee’s symmetric inflation objective and may be needed to ensure that longer-run inflation expectations are consistent with that objective.
4. In determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its objectives of maximum employment and 2 percent inflation. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments. The Committee will carefully monitor actual and expected inflation developments relative to its symmetric inflation goal.