>> Alternative C
1. Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in September indicates that the labor market has continued to tighten and that economic activity has been rising at a strong rate. Job gains have been robust in recent months, and the unemployment rate has reached multi-decade lows. Household spending has continued to grow strongly, while growth of business fixed investment has moderated from its rapid pace earlier in the year. On a 12-month basis, both overall inflation and inflation for items other than food and energy remain near 2 percent. Indicators of longer-term inflation expectations are little changed, on balance.
2. Consistent with its statutory mandate, the Committee seeks to foster maximum employment and price stability. The Committee expects that further gradual increases in the target range for the federal funds rate will be warranted for some time to keep inflation near the Committee’s symmetric 2 percent objective and to sustain the economic expansion and maximum employment over the medium term. Risks to the outlook for economic activity appear roughly balanced. The Committee is monitoring inflation developments closely.
3. In view of realized and expected labor market conditions and inflation, the Committee decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 2-1/4 to 2-1/2 percent. This decision should help guard against the risk that excessive inflation pressures will emerge amid increasingly high levels of resource utilization.
4. In determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will assess realized and expected economic conditions relative to its maximum employment objective and its symmetric 2 percent inflation objective. This assessment will take into account a wide range of information, including measures of labor market conditions, indicators of inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and readings on financial and international developments.